Conditions on groups linked to triggers after and before groups (#6200)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/schemadoc/Protocol/Protocol.Triggers.Trigger.Time.md

|session|timeout|The trigger will go off when a timeout occurs on the specified session.<!-- RN 12542 -->|
|timer|before|The trigger will go off before the specified timer is executed.|

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Conditions on the group cause triggers linked to the group (before and after) not to go off when the condition result is 'false'. Behavior is happening in full from 10.4.8 (CU1) and 10.4 (CU5). Before these version, the trigger before could be executing before the condition is validated.

Reviewer: For now, suggested the same rephrasing as I did on the logicConditions page. However, I wonder if it wouldn't be nicer to put this info directly within the appropriate table entries:

- group | before | The trigger will go off before the specified group is executed. Note that, starting from DM 10.4.8 (CU1) and 10.4 (CU5), the trigger will only go off if the group condition is evaluated to 'true'.
- group | after | The trigger will go off after the specified group is executed. Note that the trigger will only go off if the group condition is evaluated to 'true'.

```suggestion
> When the group has a condition, `before group` and `after group` triggers will only go off if the condition result is 'true'. Note that prior to DataMiner 10.4.8 (CU1) and 10.4 (CU5), `before group` triggers would go off no matter the group condition result, this has now been fixed.
```
